# Tracking-System
SoftUni JS Framework Project

Issue Tracking System – AngularJS Practical Project
You are assigned to design and implement an issue tracker system. The system holds projects, which have issues. Each project has a leader (the person responsible for the project) , name, description, a project key (which should be generated by the client using the rule which is described below in the endpoints section), a set of priorities which the project’s issues can use and some labels.

Each Issue has a title, description, issue key (which is automatically generated by the system), an assignee (the person responsible to resolve the issue), a status which must follow a specific status transition (more on that below), a due date, a priority (which is some of the available priorities for the project), some labels and user-made comments.
 
A logged in user can view the dashboard, which depending of his role, will consist of different elements. All users can view the assigned issues to them, ordered by due date in descending order. Administrators can also create or edit issues and projects. 
The project leader can edit the project, add new issues to it and change the status of the current ones. The issue assignee has privileges to change the status of the issue.
Anonymous site visitors can only login and register. Logged in users can logout. You are given the server-side REST services to be called by your app with AJAX requests so you do not need to develop back-end.
 
Important: Commit Every Day in GitHub
Please use GitHub for your project development!
•	Commit several times a day.
o	You need to show many small commits that indicate your constant work on the project.
o	Avoid committing large blocks of code at once.
•	You should prove that you have worked at least 3-4 days over your project!
Note that Git does not require Internet connection in order to commit changes. You can commit locally and push your changes to GitHub at once. Please commit many times to show your work progress step by step.
Up to 100 score

Issue Tracker Web Design
You аre given the Web design and UI prototype of the Issue Tracker SPA application as a folder with screenshots. You need to convert the design to HTML + CSS. Pixel-perfect layout is not required. You do not need to match the design at all, neither the sizes, alignment, fonts nor the colors of the elements.  A responsive design is highly desirable. You can use responsive CSS frameworks like Bootstrap.
20 score

Issue Tracker SPA Application
Design and implement a client-side SPA application based on AngularJS.

AngularJS Project Structure
•	Prepare an AngularJS project structure following the industry best practices.
•	You should have separate folders for controllers, directives, filters, services, views, etc.
30 score

Project Requirements
Public Screens
Public screens are accessible for site visitors without login.
•	Login Screen
o	Route: #/
o	Logins an existing user. Shows notification for success or error message.
o	After login, the user is automatically redirected to the dashboard.
5 score

•	Register User Screen
o	Route: #/
o	Registers a new user. Shows notification for success or error message.
o	After registration, the user is automatically logged in and is redirected to the dashboard.
10 score

User Screens	
User screens are accessible for authorized users only (after login).
•	User Dashboard
o	Route: #/
o	Includes the user’s assigned issues, ordered by due date in descending order and a panel with all the projects that you are associated with (you have an assigned issue in them or you are a project leader)
10 score

•	Project Page
o	Route: #/projects/:id
o	Includes all the project info and all of its issues. If the user is the project’s leader he can add new issues.
10 score
•	Edit Project Page
o	Route: #/projects/:id/edit
o	If the user is the project leader, he can access this page and edit the project.
5 score

•	Add Issue 
o	Route: #/projects/:id/add-issue
o	A modal dialog with a form for creating a new issue. The form consists of:
	Assignee (Drop-down with all available users)
	Project (Drop-down with all available projects)
	Due (Calendar)
	Priority (Drop-down with available priorities for this project)
	Label (Text-box which suggests already created labels by typing a substring. If the label does not exist – creates it)
	Title (Text-box)
	Description (Textarea)
	Create Issue (Button)
10 score

•	Issue page
o	Route: #/issues/:id
o	Displays the information about the issue
o	If the user is the assignee, they can see a button for changing the status using an available status (e.g. Open -> Closed).
o	If the user is the issue’s project leader they can see the edit issue button.
10 score

•	Edit Issue page
o	Route: #/issues/:id/edit
o	The page is not visible unless the user is the issue’s project leader or assignee. 
o	If the user is the assignee, they can change the status using an available status (e.g. Open -> Closed).
o	If they are the project’s leader they can edit the whole issue (including its assignee).
10 score

•	Edit User Profile
o	Route: #/profile
o	Users should be able to edit their profile data (name, email, gender, upload profile picture, upload cover picture). Show notification for success or error message.
10 score

•	Change User Password
o	Route: #/profile/password
o	Users should be able to change their password from form (contains old password, new password and confirm new password). Show notification for success or error message.
5 score

•	Logout
o	Route: #/logout
o	Successfully logged in users should be able to logout from the app.
o	Logout shows a notification message and redirects to the Home screen.
5 score

•	Guest Authorization Checks
o	Anonymous site visitors (without login) should be able to access only Login and Register screens.
o	An attempt to access anonymously these screens should redirect the user to the Home screen.
10 score

Total 250 score


Project Bonuses
User Screens	
•	Issue page
o	Route: #/issues/:id
o	View the issue’s comments.
o	Additional field for adding comments if you are affiliated with this project (you have an issue assigned in the project or you’re the project’s leader).
20 score

•	Filtering issues in the Project Page
o	Route: #/projects/:id
o	Make it so by default the user is showed only his assigned issues. 
o	Create a filter to see all issues or specific ones based on different criterias (be creative).
20 score

Administrator Screens	
User screens are accessible for authorized users only (after login).
•	User Dashboard
o	Route: #/
o	Same as the normal user’s dashboard. Includes two buttons for adding a new project and listing all projects.
10 score

•	Projects
o	Route: #/projects
o	Lists all projects
o	Each project has the ability to be edited and an issue to be added to it.
10 score

•	Add Project 
o	Route: #/projects/add
o	A modal dialog with a form for creating a new project. The form consists of:
	Leader (Drop-down with all available users)
	Project Key (Text-box)
	Priorities (Text-box)
	Label (Text-box, which suggests already created labels by typing a substring. If the label does not exist – creates it)
	Name (Text-box)
	Description (Textarea)
	Create Project (Button)
15 score

•	Edit Project Page
o	Route: #/projects/:id/edit
o	All of the functionality as the project’s leader including the ability to change the leader.
5 score

Total 80 score
